courser continues to push through the
enclosure market this time with its
reduction to a budget case line the
carbide series it seems as of course sir
had missed out on that market niche who
are looking for practical and efficient
chassis that won't break the bank this
will definitely get many people excited
in the computer building seen the 400r
seems to meet those requirements priced
at $99 it seems to compete very closely
to one of the best metal chassis the
cool Master 692 offering practically
identical interior layout but with
corsair style considering the sizing of
course there's previous enlarged mid
towers this one definitely suits the
category sized at twenty point five
inches in depth 8.1 in width and
nineteen point eight inches in height
both side panels have this angled dent
and wild adds care to the case it also
adds about an inch at the back for
routing your cables and leaves enough
room to install fans on the front side
panel without interfering with the CPU
heatsink the front panel includes a
power button and a hard drive activity
light two USB 3.0 audio firewire and LED
on and off switch for the front two fans
and a reset button at the top you are
able to install either two 140 or 120
millimeter fans and Corsa provides the
rubber grommets to prevent noise from
vibration the convenience of having
handles on top of the case for transport
is a very welcome feature definitely
makes carrying the case a lot easier the
front panel hosts four or five in the
quarter inch drive base all with dust
filters and the front panel itself
removes with ease under which 220
millimeter white LED fans are located
at the back we have an exhaust fan bio
area 8 PCI ventilated expansion slots
water cooling holes and a bottom mounted
power supply under which a conveniently
a removable dual dust filter is located
the side panel is removed with two thumb
screws and is nothing but solid and in
no way flimsy very convenient way not to
lose the thumb screws is by making sure
they stay with the side panel a very
simple touch by corsair but brilliant in
practice looking on the outside we have
support for six tools 3.5 inch drives
all which support 2.5 inch drives as
well and 4 tooless optical drives the
case supports micro ATX and ATX
motherboards and has a fairly large CPU
backplate opening with corsair standard
the rubber grommets for routing your
cables and the rear exhaust fan to help
with additional airflow the hard drive
cage can support dual 120 millimeter
fans and either 120 or 140 millimeter
fan can be installed at the bottom
however long power supply may prevent
the fan to have enough clearance for
mounting in the bottom of the case and
with the fan installed onto the hard
drive cage the maximum graphic card
length support becomes 306 millimeters
now speaking in terms of card capability
with a fan installed onto the hard drive
cage a 69 70 is an easy fit being ten
and a half inches long and a dual GPU
king the 6990 will be a snug fit
measuring at 12 inches long and the back
you get an idea why the side panel is
slightly indented and it's because the
motherboard tray is pushed and allowing
the installation of fans on the front
side panel without interfering with the
cpu heatsink a very unique design that
keeps the sizing in the case to a
moderate mid tower there's about an inch
of space to around two cables in the
back which is plenty considering most of
the cables can be hidden behind the hard
drive cage
as many motherboards still do not
support internal USB 3.0 the case comes
with a USB 3 the USB 2 adapter allowing
you to convert both USB 3.0 on the front
panel and two USB 2.0 ports the airflow
for a case this calibre is quite
impressive up to 10 fans can be
installed inside the case to allow the
best cooling possible water cooling
options are also available in support of
a standard 15 millimeter dual radiator
on the top it would have been nice to
see more room available than top to
allow clearance for a thicker radiator
but if your graphics card allow
installation of dual rad onto the hard
drive cage is also an option also notice
the absence of cable clutter as the
rubber grommets really improved the
overlook on the interior and allow for
better airflow take a look at the back
no mess here either
just a quick tuck away of the cables
behind the hard drive cage and the side
panel closes with no sweat the new
carbide series really shines in all
aspects being targeted towards
price-conscious buyers and delivering
similar features that are available on
the higher-end obsidian and the graphite
series chassis the simple but practical
layout on the inside leaves room for
future expansions and the airflow is
simply excellent with the up to 10 fans
can be installed and the cable
management well to no surprise is one of
the best you can find for a case this
price which is the highlight of this 400
our chassis priced just under $100 all
the enthusiast builders who will be
happy to know that a budget case from
Corsair is finally here on the downside
no clearance for a thicker radiator and
for those who like to show off the
interior at the time this review no
windows version is available despite
some minor flaws the carbide 400 are
truly deserves the harbour Canucks damn
with the word
and that is it for this episode of
hardware connects product review please
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you next one